Azure Service Bus Options Sample (#6986)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/azure-service-bus-netstandard/options/sample.md

* `Subscriber`: an NServiceBus endpoint subscribing to the `EventOne` and `EventTwo` event published by the `Publisher`.

### Configuration from options

With the generic hosts ability to load configuration sections it is a matter of loading the topology options from the section in the application settings as shown below:

Snippet: OptionsLoading

In this example the publisher overrides the default topic destination to a custom conventions instead of using the default fullname of the event type:

Snippet: PublisherAppsettings

The subscriber needs to override the subscription mapping accordingly:

Snippet: SubscriberAppsettings

### Validation

The transport provides integration with Microsoft.Extensions.Options and has a built-in options validator. With the generic host it is possible to register the validator to make sure the configuration loaded fulfills the requirements of the broker (e.g. topic name length) and is self-consistent.

Snippet: OptionsValidation

## Running the sample

1. First, run the `Subscriber` project by itself. This will create all the necessary publish/subscribe infrastructure in Azure Service Bus.
2. Run the projects normally so that all endpoints start.

> 3. The `Publisher` endpoint continuously published two events with a short pause in between.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `Publisher` endpoint continuously publishes two events with a short pause in between.
```

>     * The endpoint in the `Subscriber` window will receive both `EventOne` and `EventTwo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The endpoint in the `Subscriber` window receives both `EventOne` and `EventTwo`.
```
